1. who invent OOP - Alan Kay
2. Which was the first purely object oriented programming language developed? - SmallTalk
3. When OOP concept did first came into picture? - 1970'
4. Why Java is Partially OOP language? - It supports usual declaration of primitive data types
5. The feature by which one object can interact with another object is - message passing
6. When a default constructor is defined and another constructor with 1 default value argument is defined, 
   creating object without parameter will create ambiguity for the compiler. - compilation error
7. Which among the following can show polymorphism? - Overloading <<
8. Overloading is type of polymorphism.
9. The copy constructors can be used to - Copy an object so that it can be passed to a function
10. What happens when an object is passed by reference? - Destructor is not called
11. Which access specifier is usually used for data members of a class? - private
12. How to access data members of a class? - Dot or arrow as required
13. Which feature of OOP reduces the use of nested classes? - Inheritance
14. Which keyword among the following can be used to declare an array of objects in java? - new
15. Which operator can be used to free the memory allocated for an object in C++? - delete
16. Which of the following is not a property of an object? - Names
17. Single level inheritance supports - runtime
18. How to overcome diamond problem? - Using virtual keyword with same name function
19. Which keyword is used to declare virtual functions? - virtual
20. What happens if non static members are used in static member function? - Compile time error
21. What is friend member functions in C++? - Non-member functions which have access to all the members (including private) of a class
22. Where is the memory allocated for the objects? - RAM
23. Encapsulation and abstraction differ as ____________ Binding and Hiding respectively
24. Which feature of OOP is exhibited by the function overriding? - Polymorphism
25. How to access the private member function of a class? - Using address of member function
26. Which is correct syntax for declaring pointer to object? - className* objectName;
27. Which among the following is not a necessary condition for constructors? - It must contain a definition body
28. Object being passed to a copy constructor ___________ Must be passed by reference
29. The destructors are always called in the reverse order of how the constructors were called
30. Instance of which type of class can’t be created? - Abstract class
31. Virtual Function - the feature of Polymorphism in a class.
32. Which feature in OOP is used to allocate additional functions to a predefined operator in any language? - Operator Overloading
33. Abstraction - feature can be implemented using encapsulation?
34. Overloading is also known as Ad-hoc polymorphism.
35. Virtual function mainly used to achieve - Runtime polymorphism.
36. Virtual functions should be defined in the - base class.
37. Virtual functions should be - public.
38. Constructor function cannot be - constant
39. Dynamic memory allocation can be done using both - calloc() and malloc().
40. Generic class is also known as a - template class.
41. * can be overloaded using the friend function.
42. The object cannot be passed as a function.
43. Virtual function - is used to implement - late binding.
44. cout is an - object.
45. fopen is used to open a file in C++.
46. The fopen() function returns a pointer to a FILE object.